Agent Auto Multi-Line detection docs update (#28318)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/logs/auto_multiline_detection.md

---
title: Automatic Multi-line Detection and Aggregation
description: Use the Datadog Agent to detect and aggregate multi-line logs automatically
further_reading:
- link: "/agent/logs/advanced_log_collection"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Advanced Log Collection"
- link: "/agent/logs/auto_multiline_detection_legacy"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation V1"
algolia:
  tags: ['advanced log filter']
---

> **Note**: This feature is available for Agent version `7.65.0` and above. For older Agent versions or to explicitly enable the V1 implementation, see [Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation V1][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">This feature is available for Agent version `7.65.0` and above. For older Agent versions or to explicitly enable the V1 implementation, see [Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation V1][2].
</div>
```

---
title: Automatic Multi-line Detection and Aggregation
description: Use the Datadog Agent to detect and aggregate multi-line logs automatically
further_reading:
- link: "/agent/logs/advanced_log_collection"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Advanced Log Collection"
- link: "/agent/logs/auto_multiline_detection_legacy"
  tag: "Documentation"

>   text: "Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation V1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text: "Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation (Legacy)"
```

algolia:
  tags: ['advanced log filter']
---

> <div class="alert alert-warning">This feature is available for Agent version `7.65.0` and above. For older Agent versions or to explicitly enable the V1 implementation, see <a href="/agent/logs/auto_multiline_detection_legacy">Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation V1</a> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">This feature is available for Agent version `7.65.0` and above. For older Agent versions or to explicitly enable the V1 implementation, see <a href="/agent/logs/auto_multiline_detection_legacy">Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation (Legacy)</a> </div>
```

To configure custom samples, you can use the `logs_config` in your `datadog.yaml` file or set an environment variable. In the following example, the multi-line detection is looking for the sample `"SEVERE Main main Exception occurred"`:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}

```yaml
logs_config:
  auto_multi_line_detection_custom_samples:
    - sample: "SEVERE Main main Exception occurred"
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variables" %}}

```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION_CUSTOM_SAMPLES='[{"sample": "SEVERE Main main Exception occurred"}]'
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

This will aggregate logs where `"SEVERE Main main Exception occurred"` matches the first line. For example:

```text
SEVERE Main main Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Something bad happened!
    at Main.funcd(Main.java:50)
    at Main.funcc(Main.java:49)
    at Main.funcb(Main.java:48)
    at Main.funca(Main.java:47)
    at Main.main(Main.java:29)
```

#### How Custom Samples Work

> Custom samples tokenize the first 60 bytes of a log line and the provided sample. In order to determine if sample matching is right for you, it's helpful to know how logs are tokenized. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom samples tokenize the first 60 bytes of a log line and also tokenize the provided sample. 
```

Tokens include words and their length, whitespace, numbers and their length, special characters, and datetime components. Each token in the log is compared with each token in the sample (from left to right). If 75% of the log's tokens match the sample's tokens, the log is marked for aggregation. 
	

> Datadog recommends using sample based matching if your logs have a stable format. If you need more flexible matching you can use a regex. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends using sample based matching if your logs have a stable format. If you need more flexible matching you can use regex. 
```

---

> title: Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Automatic Multi-line Detection and Aggregation
```

description: Use the Datadog Agent to detect and aggregate multi-line logs automatically
further_reading:
- link: "/agent/logs/advanced_log_collection"
  tag: "Documentationmultiline"
  text: "Advanced Log Collection"
- link: "/agent/logs/auto_multiline_detection_legacy"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation V1"
algolia:
  tags: ['advanced log filter']
---

**Note**: This feature is available for Agent version `7.65.0` and above. For older Agent versions or to explicitly enable the V1 implementation, see [Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation V1][2].

## Overview

> Auto multi-line detection allows the agent to detect and aggregate common multi-line logs automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto multi-line detection allows the Agent to detect and aggregate common multi-line logs automatically. 
```

Capitalized the word Agent.

> Auto multi-line detection allows the agent to detect and aggregate common multi-line logs automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automatic multi-line detection allows the agent to detect and aggregate common multi-line logs automatically. 
```

## Getting Started

> Enable the feature in your Agent configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Auto multi-line feature in your Agent configuration, set `auto_multi_line_detection`  to `true` in your configuration file, or set the `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION=true` environment variable: 
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}

```yaml
logs_config:
  auto_multi_line_detection: true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variable" %}}

```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION=true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Default Settings

By default, the following features are enabled:

> - Automatic datetime aggregation: Logs beginning with a datetime format will be used to aggregate logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enable_datetime_detection`: This configures automatic datetime aggregation. Logs beginning with a datetime format will be used to aggregate logs. 
```

- JSON detection and rejection: JSON (structured) logs will never be aggregated. 

> You can disable these features with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable these features by setting the following to `false` in your configuration file or in you environment variable:
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}

```yaml
logs_config:
  auto_multi_line:
    enable_datetime_detection: false
    enable_json_detection: false
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variables" %}}

```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_ENABLE_DATETIME_DETECTION=false
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_ENABLE_JSON_DETECTION=false
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Enable multi-line aggregation per integration

> You can enable or disable the feature for specific log configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable or disable multi-line aggregation for specific log configurations:
```

```yaml
logs:
  - type: file
    path: /my/test/file.log
    service: testApp
    source: java
    auto_multi_line_detection: false
```

### Supported datetime formats

> Auto multi-line detection uses a fuzzy algorithm to detect *any* datetime format that occurs in the first 60 bytes of a log line. In order to prevent false positives, the algorithm requires enough context to consider a datetime format a match. 

Reviewer: Does the `first 60 bytes of a log line` translate to an approximate number of log lines? for example, the first 500?

Author: The first 60 bytes is quite small, and is generally just the prefix of a single log line. For example:

```
Apr 07 16:48:37 | XSS | WARNING | (/out-of-the-box/evolve/functionalities/schemas.go:536) | ducimus quo ut veni
                                                                                                        ^60 bytes
```

> Rule of thumb: Your datetime format should include both a date and time component to be detected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your datetime format should include both a date and time component to be detected. 
```
For translation purposes, we try to refrain from colloquial terms that may be difficult to effectively translate.

> Examples of formats that are long enough to be detected:

Reviewer: I would recommend formatting this list a bit differently to make it more clear. Something like: 
- `2021-03-28 13:45:30`
- `2023-03-28T14:33:53.743350Z`
- `Jun 14 15:16:01`
- `2024/05/16 19:46:15`

```
2021-03-28 13:45:30
2023-03-28T14:33:53.743350Z
Jun 14 15:16:01
2024/05/16 19:46:15
```

Examples of formats that do not have enough context to be detected: 

> ```

Reviewer: The same recommendation here as well: 

- `12:30:2017`
- `12:30:20`
- `2024/05/16`

12:30:2017
12:30:20
2024/05/16
```

## Custom Pattern Configuration

> If datetime aggregation isn't sufficient, or your format is too short to be detected automatically, you can customize the feature in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If datetime aggregation is not sufficient, or if your format is too short to be detected automatically, you can customize the feature in two ways:
```

### Custom Samples

> A custom sample is a sample of a log you want to aggregate on. For example: If you want to aggregate a stack trace, the first line of the stack trace would be good sample to provide. Custom samples are an easier way to aggregate logs than regex patterns. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom sample is a sample of a log on which you want to aggregate. For example, if you want to aggregate a stack trace, the first line of the stack trace would be good sample to provide. Custom samples are an easier way to aggregate logs than regex patterns. 
```
Why are `Custom samples are an easier way to aggregate logs than regex patterns.`

> Configure custom samples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure custom samples, you can use the `logs_config` in your configuration file or set an environment variable
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}

```yaml
logs_config:
  auto_multi_line_detection_custom_samples:
    - sample: "SEVERE Main main Exception occurred"
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variables" %}}

```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION_CUSTOM_SAMPLES='[{"sample": "SEVERE Main main Exception occurred"}]'
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> This will aggregate logs with similar formats. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will aggregate logs with `"SEVERE Main main Exception occurred"` as its first sentence. For example:
```

Author: Reworded slightly to 
`This will aggregate logs where `"SEVERE Main main Exception occurred"` matches the first line. For example:`

Let me know if this i sok.

Author: Woops forgot to push. Should be updated now!

```text
SEVERE Main main Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Something bad happened!
    at Main.funcd(Main.java:50)
    at Main.funcc(Main.java:49)
    at Main.funcb(Main.java:48)
    at Main.funca(Main.java:47)
    at Main.main(Main.java:29)
```

#### How Custom Samples Work

> Custom samples tokenize the first 60 bytes of a log line and the provided sample. The tokens are compared linearly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom samples tokenize the first 60 bytes of a log line and the provided sample. The tokens are compared linearly:
```
Does this mean that the first 60 bytes are tokenized AND the provided sample is also tokenized?

Author: Yes - that's correct.

> - Tokens include: words and their length, whitespace, numbers and their length, special characters, and datetime components.

Reviewer: I see! Happy to help! 😄 I think this section may need to be reformatted to drive its idea across. Can you tell me a little more about the purpose of this section?

> - Tokens include: words and their length, whitespace, numbers and their length, special characters, and datetime components.

Author: Ive attempted to reword this a bit, but I'm not sure I made it any better 😅 
The reason I want to explain this at a high level is so users have a baseline understand of how we are comparing logs to their samples. I think the key details are: an exact match is not required. Word positions and symbols matter more than the contents of the words themselves.

- 75% of tokens must match in order for the sample to match by default.

> - Works best with stable log formats (ex - most logs start with a similar prefix)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Works best with stable log formats when most logs start with a similar prefix
```

   - Flushes sample immediately
   - Used for JSON logs

### Label Configuration

You can provide custom labels to each regex or sample to change the aggregation behavior based on the label rules. This is useful if you want to explicitly include or exclude certain log formats in multi-line aggregation. 

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}

```yaml
logs_config:
  auto_multi_line_detection_custom_samples:
    # Never aggregate these formats
    - sample: "some service we should not aggregate"
      label: no_aggregate
    - regex: \w*\s(data|dog)
      label: no_aggregate
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variables" %}}

```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION_CUSTOM_SAMPLES='[
  {"sample": "some service we should not aggregate", "label": "no_aggregate"},
  {"regex": "\\w*\\s(data|dog)", "label": "no_aggregate"}
]'
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Monitoring and Debugging

You can search for multiline logs or truncated logs by enabling the following settings:

```yaml
logs_config:
  tag_multi_line_logs: true
  tag_truncated_logs: true
```

These settings add the following tags to your logs so you can search for them in the logs explorer:

> - `multiline` tag: Shows source (e.g., `auto_multiline`, `multiline_regex`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `multiline`: Shows source (e.g., `auto_multiline`, `multiline_regex`)
```
shows the source of what here?

Author: added clarity. lmk if I should add more!

> - `truncated` tag: Shows truncation source (e.g., `single_line`, `multi_line`)

Author: Added below!

further_reading:
- link: "/agent/logs/advanced_log_collection"
  tag: "Documentationmultiline"
  text: "Advanced Log Collection"
- link: "/agent/logs/auto_multiline_detection_legacy"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation V1"
algolia:
  tags: ['advanced log filter']
---

**Note**: This feature is available for Agent version `7.65.0` and above. For older Agent versions or to explicitly enable the V1 implementation, see [Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation V1][2].

## Overview

Auto multi-line detection allows the Agent to detect and aggregate common multi-line logs automatically. 

## Getting Started

To enable the Auto multi-line feature in your Agent configuration, set `auto_multi_line_detection`  to `true` in your configuration file, or set the `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION=true` environment variable: 

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}

```yaml
logs_config:
  auto_multi_line_detection: true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variable" %}}

```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION=true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Default Settings

By default, the following features are enabled:

> - `enable_datetime_detection`: This configures automatic datetime aggregation. Logs beginning with a datetime format will be used to aggregate logs. 

Author: @iadjivon Should we use the fully qulaified config path here? ex: `logs_config.auto_multi_line.enable_datetime_detection` or is it understood in context?

Reviewer: @gh123man Great question, having it as `enable_datetime_detection` should be understood in context and also works well for a CMD+F search for both config file and ENV var

- link: "/agent/logs/auto_multiline_detection_legacy"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation (Legacy)"
algolia:
  tags: ['advanced log filter']
---

<div class="alert alert-warning">This feature is available for Agent version <strong>7.65.0+</strong> and above. For older Agent versions or to explicitly enable the legacy implementation, see <a href="/agent/logs/auto_multiline_detection_legacy">Auto Multi-line Detection and Aggregation (Legacy)</a> </div>

## Overview

Automatic multi-line detection allows the Agent to detect and aggregate common multi-line logs automatically. 

## Getting Started

To enable the Auto multi-line feature in your Agent configuration, set `auto_multi_line_detection`  to `true` in your configuration file, or set the `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION=true` environment variable: 

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}
```yaml
logs_config:
  auto_multi_line_detection: true
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variable" %}}
```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION=true
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Default Settings
By default, the following features are enabled:

> - `enable_datetime_detection`: This configures automatic datetime aggregation. Logs beginning with a datetime format will be used to aggregate logs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `enable_datetime_detection`: This configures automatic datetime aggregation. Logs beginning with a datetime format are used to aggregate logs. 
```

> - `enable_json_detection`: This configures JSON detection and rejection. JSON-structured logs will never be aggregated. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `enable_json_detection`: This configures JSON detection and rejection. JSON-structured logs are never aggregated. 
```

```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variables" %}}

```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION_CUSTOM_SAMPLES='[{"regex": "\\[\\w+\\] Main main Exception occurred"}]'
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

You can mix samples and regex patterns to support multiple log formats:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}

```yaml
logs_config:
  auto_multi_line_detection_custom_samples:
    - sample: "CORE | INFO | (pkg/logs/"
    - regex: "\\d{4}dog.\\s\\w+"
    - sample: "[ERR] Exception"
      label: no_aggregate
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variables" %}}

```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION_CUSTOM_SAMPLES='[
  {"sample": "CORE | INFO | (pkg/logs/"},
  {"regex": "\\d{4}dog.\\s\\w+"},
  {"sample": "[ERR] Exception", "label": "no_aggregate"}
]'
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

**Note**: Previously configured `auto_multi_line_extra_patterns` are automatically supported [when migrating from V1][2].

## Advanced Customization

Auto multi-line detection uses a labeled aggregation system to aggregate logs. The detection step will assign a label to logs, and the aggregation step will aggregate the logs based on the labels that were assigned. 

> ### Label Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Label Types
| Label | Usage | Description |
|---------|------|-------------|

|`start_group`| Defines **beginning of a multi-line log** | - Flushes any buffered multi-line log if present \b - Starts new multi-line log \b - Only one multi-line log can be buffered at a time|
|`aggregate`| Is **added to existing multi-line log** | - If no multi-line log exists, flushes immediately \b - Default label when nothing else matches|
|`no_aggregate`| Declares logs that are **never part of aggregation**|  - Flushes buffered multi-line log if present \b - Flushes sample immediately \b - Used for JSON logs|
```

I think a different visual formatting might help here. What do you think of using a table?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Label Types
start_group
: This tag is assigned at the beginning of a multi-line log and:
- Flushes any buffered multi-line log if present
- Starts new multi-line log
- Only one multi-line log can be buffered at a time

aggregate
: This tag is added to an existing multi-line log:
- If no multi-line log exists
- flushes immediately
- Default label when nothing else matches

no_aggregate
: This tag is added to logs that are never part of aggregation:
- Flushes buffered multi-line log if present
- Flushes sample immediately
- Used for JSON logs
```

Or we can use the formatting [here] (https://docs.datadoghq.com/data_security/#other-sources-of-potentially-sensitive-data)

`aggregate`
: Is _added to existing multi-line log_<br> - If no multi-line log exists, flushes immediately<br> - Default label when nothing else matches

`no_aggregate`

> : Declares logs that are _never part of aggregation_<br> - Flushes buffered multi-line log if present<br> - Flushes sample immediately <br>- Used for JSON logs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: Declares logs that are _never part of aggregation_<br> - Flushes buffered multi-line log, if present<br> - Flushes sample immediately <br>- Used for JSON logs
```

> ### Label Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Label configuration
```

You can provide custom labels to each regex or sample to change the aggregation behavior based on the label rules. This is useful if you want to explicitly include or exclude certain log formats in multi-line aggregation. 

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}

```yaml
logs_config:
  auto_multi_line_detection_custom_samples:
    # Never aggregate these formats
    - sample: "some service we should not aggregate"
      label: no_aggregate
    - regex: \w*\s(data|dog)
      label: no_aggregate
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment Variables" %}}

```shell
DD_LOGS_CONFIG_AUTO_MULTI_LINE_DETECTION_CUSTOM_SAMPLES='[
  {"sample": "some service we should not aggregate", "label": "no_aggregate"},
  {"regex": "\\w*\\s(data|dog)", "label": "no_aggregate"}
]'
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Monitoring and Debugging

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Monitoring and debugging
```

You can search for multiline logs or truncated logs by enabling the following settings:

```yaml
logs_config:
  tag_multi_line_logs: true
  tag_truncated_logs: true
```

> These settings add the following _tags_ to your logs so you can search for them in the logs explorer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These settings add the following _tags_ to your logs, allowing you to search for them in the logs explorer:
```

> - `multiline`: Shows the aggregation source (e.g., `auto_multiline`, `multiline_regex`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `multiline`: Shows the aggregation source (for example, `auto_multiline`, `multiline_regex`)
```

> - `truncated`: Shows truncation source (e.g., `single_line`, `multi_line`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `truncated`: Shows truncation source (for example, `single_line`, `multi_line`)
```

  tag_multi_line_logs: true
  tag_truncated_logs: true
```

These settings add the following tags to your logs so you can search for them in the logs explorer:

- `multiline`: Shows the aggregation source (e.g., `auto_multiline`, `multiline_regex`)
- `truncated`: Shows truncation source (e.g., `single_line`, `multi_line`)

> **Note:** Truncation can occur if the log is too long for the agent to process. If a line is too long before multiline aggregation, it will get the `single_line` tag. If an incorrect pattern caused a log to aggregate and overflow the aggregation buffer, the `multi_line` tag will be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note:** Truncation can occur if the log is too long for the agent to process. If a line is too long before multiline aggregation, it will get the `single_line` tag. If an incorrect pattern caused a log to aggregate and overflow the aggregation buffer, the `multi_line` tag will be used. 
```
Added a line indentation as it seems the **Note** section eats into the `truncated` bullet point.

> **Note:** Truncation can occur if the log is too long for the agent to process. If a line is too long before multiline aggregation, it will get the `single_line` tag. If an incorrect pattern caused a log to aggregate and overflow the aggregation buffer, the `multi_line` tag will be used. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** The Agent truncates logs that are too long to process. If a line is too long before multiline aggregation, the Agent assigns it the `single_line` tag. If an incorrect pattern causes a log to overflow the aggregation buffer, the Agent applies the `multi_line` tag.
```

> ## Configuration Reference

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configuration reference
```

| `logs_config.auto_multi_line.enable_json_detection` | Bool | True | Enable JSON detection & rejection |
| `logs_config.auto_multi_line.enable_datetime_detection` | Bool | True | Enable datetime detection |
| `logs_config.auto_multi_line.timestamp_detector_match_threshold` | Float | 0.5 | Timestamp matching threshold |
| `logs_config.auto_multi_line.tokenizer_max_input_bytes` | Int | 60 | Bytes to tokenize |

> ## Further Reading

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Further reading
```

#### How Custom Samples Work

Custom samples tokenize the first 60 bytes of a log line and the provided sample. In order to determine if sample matching is right for you, it's helpful to know how logs are tokenized. 

> Tokens include words and their length, whitespace, numbers and their length, special characters, and datetime components. Each token in the log is compared with each token in the sample (from left to right). if 75% of tokens must match, the log is marked for aggregation. You should use sample based matching if your logs have a stable format. If you need more flexible matching you can use a regex. 

Author: Yes! I edited this ever so slightly from what you suggested, but otherwise kept it the same.

These settings add the following tags to your logs so you can search for them in the logs explorer:

- `multiline` tag: Shows the aggregation source (e.g., `auto_multiline`, `multiline_regex`)
- `truncated` tag: Shows truncation source (e.g., `single_line`, `multi_line`)

>   - Truncation can occur if the log is too long for the agent to process. If a line is too long before multiline aggregation, it will get the `single_line` tag. If an incorrect pattern caused a log to aggregate and overflow the aggregation buffer, the `multi_line` tag will be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Truncation can occur if the log is too long for the agent to process. If a line is too long before multiline aggregation, it will get the `single_line` tag. If an incorrect pattern caused a log to aggregate and overflow the aggregation buffer, the `multi_line` tag will be used. 
```
